---
title: Aftermath - Lessons learnt
date: 2022-06-14 08:00:00 +0800
categories: [Social Engagement]
tags: [social-engagement]
---

## Lessons learnt
Finally, all the modules had been carried out and the whole programme are coming to the end. The first thing I would like to say is we are very proud of ourselves as a first year student to organize such programme that brings so much impact to the society. I would definitely say I have learnt so much through out this programme as one of the committee members. Before taking this university course, I have little experience in organizing an event and also in website development using advanced framework. Hence, this event really make my life different, my future brighter and my social network bigger. In this last update for this blog topic, I will like to share you what I have learnt.  

Teamwork makes the dreams work. This saying perfectly describe the lesson what I have learnt. Before becoming one of the organizing committee of this event, I usually work alone and solve the problem myself if I encountered one. It is devastating and frustating to do something that is difficult when there is no one to offer help to me. I have to do research on my own, seek for answer in the forums, scanning through each thread in the forum one by one in order to find the answer that fits my requirement. It can take me forever to find the answer without the assurance of the answer the be certainly found by me. After joining this programme as a committee member, I can finally not to work aloone again. Instead, I get to work with the BIG BRAINERS together and learn from their experiences. By working with them, I learn that teamwork is very important as we always work together to solve the problem we encountered when developing the website. We even share our development techniques generously to each other in order to help each other grow and develop a better website for this programme. Imagine going through all of the thing mentioned above, it will be so frustrating that I may even give up on continue doing the task I am assigned to.  

Besides, I also learned how to communicate with the others efficiently and confidently. During the preparation of this programme, I am offered the opportunity to express my opinions and ideas to the others in order to make the execution of this programme smoother and more imapctful to the society. At first, I wasn't able to let all of the executive board to understand my ideas and my concerns towards some inappropriate arrangement of the protocol. I was also not being able to speak loudly and clearly as I was not confident enought to do so. However, in the long run, I learned to speak loudly and clearly when I am conveying my opinions to the others. I am so happy that this programme has helped me to change this introvert side of me to become more expressive and extroverted. In addition, I am not feeling anxious when I am getting in touch with someone I didn't know before. I finally can make new friends easily now.

Lastly, my technical skills have improved a lot after I joined this programme. This is the first time I develop a webpage with so many details and animations. Furthermore, the layout of the website is quite different from what I have done before. Moreover, this is also the first time I develop a website using React framework. All in all, this experiennce will certainly help me in many ways in my future if I am going to develop a new website again.  

In a nutshell, that's what I have learnt throughout the whole programme. I am very excited to attend the closing ceremony which is on next week as this ceremony is the grand finale of the whole ceremony and I couldn't bare to miss it. That's it for my sharing, thank you for those who have accompanied me to the end of this event. Cheerio!!!
